Your money is like a brother, don't be too proud
Do you really think you are the mistress of the Ye family?
In the end, the navy grandmother may not be
So what if you are worth a trillion?
Do you know what Yama is good for?
Kids are tough
Invitation letter to enter the venue
Excuse me.
No, I knew you didn't.
Today, I'm here to sign in and defeat the major giants
I know exactly who is on this list
I'm really sorry.
Without you
Get out of here
Can you do it every night?
Don't waste my time and my shareholders' time here
If it doesn't work, let him go away quickly
Don't delay me from going in.
Boy, let me tell you
Just because you don't have it doesn't mean others don't.
Go away this building chamber of commerce election
There was no invitation.
But this time
I don't get in by invitation.
What do you rely on without an invitation?
By brushing your face?
That's funny.
Rely on this
What the hell is this?
The building chamber of commerce election is just a pay
The true purpose of this banquet
Is to welcome the return of the movie
This dragon iron
It is exclusive to the high-rise of the temple
There are only 10 precious seats for hundreds of guests
You don't even know that?